{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh15480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx5912\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi4682\ri-8488\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 						
\f1\b\fs48 \ul Human Interface Guidelines:
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx4699\tx5040\tx5760\tx5912\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li4709\fi-27\ri-8488\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 		This section basically summarizes exactly how one should go about creating their app in regards to quality and functionality. The three themes that apple included to ensure quality and functionality are: Clarity, Deference, and Depth. Clarity is simply making sure text is legible at varying sizes, and any icons/pictures are high quality. Deferences ensures that the space on the screen is used properly without overcrowding and making it hard to look at. Which makes sure that the actual important content is \'93paramount\'94. Depth ensures that hierarchy is conveyed through things like touch/hard presses. It should enable functionality without losing any context.\
		Design principles were also emphasized, those being: Aesthetic Integrity, Consistency, Direct Manipulation, Feedback, Metaphors, and User Control. For the most part these all want you to make sure that your desired product is reflected intentionally throughout your app. If your app is of a serious nature, then one wouldn\'92t litter it with jokes and glitter affects. Also typically you would want to include common functionality that one would find in other apps, actions like rotating the device and the screen adapting to the rotation. Another example could be having interactive sections being briefly highlighted when tapped, indicating more functionality.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx4699\tx5040\tx5760\tx5912\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li4709\fi-27\ri-8488\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 							
\f1\b\fs48 \ul App Store Review Guidelines:
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx4699\tx5040\tx5760\tx5912\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li4709\fi-27\ri-8488\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 		This section basically summarizes what to think about when publishing your app onto the store. They generally want to provide a safe environment for the users to get apps and developers to create them. For instance they are aware that a lot of kids download apps, so developers need to be conscious of what they are putting on their apps and know their target audience. Basically you should use common sense when creating apps and not try to cheat the system by attempting to steal user data or rig the review system, or stealing another developer\'92s work. Additionally your target audience also has to be compliant with what they deem as acceptable, so you can\'92t make and upload an app that\'92s sole purpose is to spew hate or discriminate against any group of people. \
		A couple of things to consider before submitting your app would be to first and foremost test the app for crashes/bugs. If your app has either then it will likely be removed from the store. Make sure that all app information is complete and accurate. Have up to date contact information so apple can contact you if needed. Include detailed explanations of features that aren\'92t obvious, as well as in-app purchases. Lastly you would want to make sure the app follows all other outlined guidelines.}